Add support for TOTP MFA (#15)
marmelab/ra-auth-cognito: README.md

Feel free to play around with this demo, along with the Cognito config, to understand better how it works!

## Using the TOTP MFA

> For using the TOTP MFA, you will need to add translations for MFA pages. The library provides translations for English and French.

Reviewer: <!-- Suggestions propose improvements to the current subject. It's important to be explicit and clear on what is being suggested and why it is an improvement. Consider using patches and the blocking or non-blocking decorations to further communicate your intent.  -->
**suggestion:** I wonder how to add my own translation. I suggest to explain how here:
‏
```suggestion
The library offers English and French translations for TOTP MFA pages. If you need others translations, you can add your own by [explain how here]. 
```

> The library offers English and French translations for TOTP MFA pages. If you need other translations, have a look to the [ra-auth-cognito-language-french package](packages/ra-auth-cognito-language-french/README.md).

Reviewer 2: Please provide an absolute link to `packages/ra-auth-cognito-language-french/README.md` otherwise it won't work when we publish on npm

## Customizing the application name using the TOTP MFA

> By default, the library uses the hostname to specify the hostname. If you want to specify it, pass to the authProvider a second argument with the `applicationName` in an object.

Reviewer: <!-- Issues highlight specific problems with the subject under review. These problems can be user-facing or behind the scenes. It is strongly recommended to pair this comment with a suggestion. If you are not sure if a problem exists or not, consider leaving a question.  -->
**issue:** I do not understand this sentence: "the library uses the hostname to specify the hostname". It is ‏
```suggestion
By default, the library uses the `hostname` as the `applicationName`. If you want to define your own, add a second parameter to the `authProvider`, defining the `applicationName` you want:
```

```js
authProvider(cognitoConfig, {
    applicationName: "My Super App"
});

> ```

Reviewer 2: One more thing I forgot: actually the documentation for the package is in `./packages/ra-auth-cognito/Readme.md`, not here. Can you move it there?
